[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and targeted the Don Quixote
Family in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR] In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until at last,
only their leader remained.
[DOFLAMINGO] I don't punish my
associates for their failures.
I forgive them.
But betrayals are
another matter, entirely.
[VIOLET gasps]
[VIOLET]
No!
[REBECCA]
My body... I can't control it!
[chuckles]
[NARRATOR]
The razer-sharp threads
of Doflamingo's "Birdcage"
tear across Dressrosa,
threatening to massacre
everyone in the kingdom.
Luffy rushes to
defeat Doflamingo
before it's too late,
but exhausts his Haki
in the process,
leaving his allies to
temporarily fend for themselves.
Buy me ten minutes.
Huh? What for?
[LUFFY]
Once my Haki comes back,
I'll give him one good punch,
and that'll be
the end of him. I promise.
Tell me! Do you really
think, in ten minutes,
you can beat Doflamingo
and get rid of the Birdcage?
I know I can!
[LUFFY] "Dead or Alive!
A Fateful Countdown!"
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
We're almost there,
guys! Don't give up!
C'mon! Take my hand!
We're all gonna make it!
We stopped it once, didn't we?
We'll do it again if we have to!
Let's pull out all the stops!
[KIN'EMON grunts] We must honor
Sir Luffy's great efforts
with equal conviction!
We shall show the world
our pride as Samurai of Wano!
And we're gonna show 'em
the strength of the Navy!
[MARINES grunt]
[ALL grunting]
Keep pushing! Let's go!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Every second.
Every inch that we
give to this wall
pushes us closer to our defeat.
It pushes us closer to our
death--to everyone's death!
You gotta remember
what's at stake here!
Either you push or you die!
You're not helping!
Just shut up!
You don't have to
tell us, we know!
We all came here to fight,
so we're not afraid to die!
Our lives were saved, twice!
Fighting to the death,
that's the least that we can do!
Aw! You're so sweet!
Hey, don't cuddle me!
[HAJRUDIN]
Indeed.
But this will not be
my grave! Nor yours!
I won't quit till I
achieve my destiny!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Then we'll keep pushing
till we reach our limit,
and then we'll push some more!
We all got too many dreams
to give up now!
No way we're gonna die!
[ALL yelling]
Stay safe. Everybody, please.
We've all seen enough suffering.
[ATTENDANT B]
Are you okay?
[ATTENDANT A]
Catch your breath.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[VIOLET]
Leave her alone!
This battle's between
you and me!
I can't... I can't stop it!
Viola!
Keep fighting it!
Very good. Now kill Violet.
I'm so sorry!
I don't want this!
But he's too strong!
Rebecca!
[chuckles]
[REBECCA]
No! I hate this!
I don't want to hurt Viola!
[REBECCA cries]
Stop!
You let her go!
No!
[audio feedback]
[GYATS]
Are you ready, everybody?
It won't be much longer, now!
Huh?
[TOWNSMAN C]
Huh? Who's talking?
[GYATS panting]
Where's that coming from?
Is it some kind of PA?
Our hero is on his way!
Hey! There he is!
[panting]
[TOWNSMAN F]
That's Gyats, isn't it?
The announcer from the Coliseum?
[TOWNSMAN D]
What're you doing up there?
[TOWNSMAN E]
He's lost it!
[GYATS]
Surely, you remember him!
[TOWNSMAN F] Whatever this is,
now is not the time!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
The whole kingdom's
about be destroyed, y'know!
We'd rather hear from King Riku!
What's that?
I need to remind you?
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[GYATS] Unpredictable in nature
and irrepressible in spirit.
He burst onto the scene,
and more importantly,
into our hearts!
The hero who lit up the coliseum
like a shining star!
Shining star?
There's only one answer, surely!
He means me!
[chuckles]
Hey. I know I said
I'd stay here with you,
but, well, it turns out,
my fans need me.
Sorry--huh?!
Hello? Trafalgar!
What? Where did he go?
His courage rocked my soul!
He tamed the savage bull
that struck fear
into the hearts
of all gladiators!
His fearsome fists
felled a giant!
Even the living legend,
Don Chin Jao,
faltered before his might!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[GYATS]
Though small in stature,
his energy was felt through
all of the coliseum--
No! Through all of Dressrosa!
A man who was born to be free.
Who fought fervidly!
Who struck a chord
in our hearts, brilliantly!
Now are you with me?
Yeah. I saw him. That guy.
He was pretty amazing.
He blew me away, too!
Everyone in the city
was watching him fight!
You know his name!
Lucy!
What are you getting at?
How is a gladiator
supposed to save us now?
[REBECCA]
Lucy. Please, help me!
[GYATS]
But Lucy was only an alias!
That's right! He has another
name you don't know!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
[GYATS]
Would you like to hear it?
He's a pirate
known as Straw Hat!
Monkey D. Luffy!
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasp]
Huh? He sure had me
fooled with that beard!
That's the guy King Riku was
talking about before, right?
[GYATS]
I understand your reservations.
You must be wary about
trusting another pirate
when Doflamingo has been lying
and grinding us under
his heel for so long.
However, he's different
from the Don Quixote Family,
who tried to pass themselves off
as our saviors that night,
so many years ago.
You don't have to trust me!
Instead, listen to King Riku,
who placed his faith
in Straw Hat Luffy!
Straw Hat has already
clashed with Doflamingo once
and brought him within
an inch of defeat!
He looked kind of
scrawny though.
I mean, he did kick
a lot of ass in the coliseum.
[TOWNSWOMAN A]
I believe in him.
[TOWNSMEN]
Huh?
I do. I won't give up hope.
[TOWNSMAN N]
Me, too!
This is our fault, you know.
Because we didn't
trust our king.
We believed Doflamingo.
But not this time, damn it!
I'll have faith.
In King Riku.
And in Lucy, too.
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
I'll have faith in our future!
[GYATS] This is the calm
before the storm!
Lucy is taking
a breather right now,
in preparation for round two,
but he's going to
come back even stronger!
So raise your hands
in celebration, Dressrosa!
[GYATS] Because I spoke to
Lucy, and he made me a promise!
He'll face Doflamingo.
And knock him out in one punch!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
[yells]
[chuckles]
In one punch, you say?
[CHIN JAO chuckles]
He sure talks big!
[cries] Mister Luffy
is number one! Sucker!
[USOPP laughs]
Typical Luffy!
[ZORO] Glad you're making
this quick, Captain.
'Cause I'm slipping. Real fast!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
I can't wait!
Lucy!
Hey, Doflamingo! You hear that?
You phony!
Cheating our King.
Filling our streets with lies!
Sitting on a misbegotten throne
built on a mountain
of injustice!
But now you must
face your trial!
Your cruelty ends today!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Gyats.
[GYATS]
That's right, Doflamingo.
I see straight through you!
If you're mad,
come and get me!
Keep your filthy hands
off Viola and Rebecca!
Thanks to your hard work,
the Birdcage was slowed down,
and countless lives were saved!
And soon enough,
the coliseum's shining star,
our Lucy, will take the stage!
Let's show him how we feel
and give the man a cheer!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheering]
For Mister Luffy! Let's go!
[HAJRUDIN grunting]
[TOWNSMAN R]
Hajrudin!
No! Damn it!
We were so close.
What's wrong?
It's like their injuries
came back all of sudden.
They're dropping like flies!
'Cause time has run out.
[ROBIN gasps]
These people were
the ones who were
given the Dandilixers first.
And now they're wearing off.
And they aren't
gonna work twice!
[ROBIN gasps]
[MANSHERRY cries] I'm sorry,
that's the best I can do!
I tried, but my ability
just isn't good enough!
I did such an awful thing!
I gave them hope,
then I yanked it away!
[CUB] That's not true,
Princess Mansherry!
If it wasn't for your help,
there's no telling
just how many lives the Birdcage
might have claimed today!
--[MANSHERRY] But...
--Do you see?
Huh?
[CUB] You made a miracle
happen down there!
Hey! C'mon! Don't give up!
Clear out the injured
and have the people in
the back take their place!
Bring in some fresh troops!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Roger!
[SAI] We'll hold
our ground at any cost,
until Lucy gets rid of
the Birdcage for good!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Yeah!
They were able to
stall it long enough!
Thanks to you, they'll survive
till Luffyland returns!
[gasps]
[GYATS]
It won't be long now!
Let's begin the countdown
to Lucy's comeback!
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
Call out his name!
Make sure he can hear us!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Lucy! Lucy!
Lucy! Lucy! Lucy! Lucy...
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Count from three!
[gasps]
[GYATS, TOWNSPEOPLE]
Two!
[ATTENDANTS scream]
You had your fun. That's enough.
--[ATTENDANT A] He's hit! Oh no!
--[ATTENDANT B] Gyats, no!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Lucy! Lucy!
Don't stop! Almost there!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
One!
What a joke.
[GYATS]
Your time's up, Doflamingo.
Lucy's gonna knock you out cold!
One punch and you're toast!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Zero!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
[TOWNSMAN X]
Hello? Lucy?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
What a pity!
Guess Straw Hat's done!
[cackles]
Well, things finally
quieted down.
And now, you can go quiet, too.
Forever, that is.
No!
I'm sorry, Viola!
Quick, Rebecca! Close your eyes!
You don't have to see a thing!
This is just a bad dream!
Once it's over, you can
strike it from your memory!
I'll forgive you!
All that matters
is that you move on!
Please, be happy!
[chuckles]
Stop it!
Don't be upset.
It's not your fault!
[VIOLET] I'm sorry I have to
leave you like this.
I know it will hurt.
I know it won't be
easy to overcome.
[REBECCA]
No!
[REBECCA cries]
[gasps]
[LUFFY yells]
Get back!
Our champion is here!
Lucy! [sobs]
[TOWNSPEOPLE cheer]
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Lucy! Lucy! Lucy! Lucy...
[NARRATOR] His strength renewed,
Luffy charged forth
into the final battle
with Doflamingo.
Turning his surroundings
into weapons,
Doflamingo momentarily
overwhelms Luffy
and takes control of his body.
But even a mighty Warlord cannot
contain the power of Fourth Gear
and a blow that carries the
hopes of an entire kingdom.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Attack on a Celestial!
Luffy's King Kong Gun of Anger!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!